CIP 0065 Add Layer Zero, Wormhole, and Chainlink as SVs at Weight 4 each (#70)
global-synchronizer-foundation/cips: cip-0065/cip-0065.md

* In the Web3 space The Chainlink platform has operated in production for over half a decade and has secured over $75B+ in DeFi TVL at its peak and has enabled over $20 trillion in transaction value enabled as of March 2025. With 300+ engineers and dedicated monitoring teams, Chainlink Labs is uniquely positioned to offer the depth of support and execution strength needed to operate secure cross-chain and data systems at scale. 
* In the Web3 space, Chainlink secures 92% of total value secured by general purpose oracles, enables 71% of the total DeFi Transaction Value secured by general purpose oracles and powers 55% of DeFi protocols secured by general purpose oracles. Chainlink also powers the biggest DeFi projects, including Aave, Spark, Compound, Venus, dYdX, GMX, etc, and has been integrated with more than 50 public/permissioned blockchain networks. 
* Leading DeFi applications and regulated financial institutions alike are already using Chainlink’s offerings in key deployments, making it a widely used platform in DeFi and capital markets today. 

### Layer Zero 

> * LayerZero Labs, is the leading blockchain infrastructure provider for cross-chain interoperability, allowing data and digital assets to move seamlessly and securely across blockchains. More than 300 omnichain applications are built on LayerZero’s immutable, censorship resistant and permissionless messaging protocol, which has executed over 140 million transactions and has secured in excess of $200 billion in value. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* LayerZero Labs is the leading blockchain infrastructure provider for cross-chain interoperability, allowing data and digital assets to move seamlessly and securely across blockchains. More than 300 omnichain applications are built on LayerZero’s immutable, censorship resistant and permissionless messaging protocol, which has executed over 140 million transactions and has secured in excess of $200 billion in value. 
```

| Join the Global Synchronizer Foundation (all applicants) | • Fully onboarded as a General Member of the GSF <br> • Logo is on the website <br> • Support public announcement made | + 45 Days | 0 |

## SV Reward Mechanics: 

> * An `extraBeneficiary` PartyID associated with the ‘escrowed’ Super Validator will be setup by the GSF with an SV Weight at the maximum earnable weight in the CIP that granted rights to that Super Validator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* An `extraBeneficiary` PartyID associated with the ‘escrowed’ Super Validator will be setup by the GSF with an SV Weight at the maximum earnable weight. This will not include the potential "First to Production" or "Second to Production" bonus weights. 
```
